---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "katapult_virtual_machine Data Source - terraform-provider-katapult"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve details of an existing Virtual Machine.
---

# katapult_virtual_machine (Data Source)

Retrieve details of an existing Virtual Machine.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get virtual machine by ID
data "katapult_virtual_machine" "web-1" {
  id = "vm_Ek42KaL1OrE7tkav"
}

# Get virtual machine by FQDN
data "katapult_virtual_machine" "web-1" {
  fqdn = "web-1.acme-labs.katapult.cloud"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fqdn` (String) The fully-qualified domain name of the Virtual Machine.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Virtual Machine.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A description for the Virtual Machine.
- `group_id` (String) The ID of the Virtual Machine Group this Virtual Machine belongs to.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the Virtual Machine.
- `ip_address_ids` (Set of String) Set of IP address IDs allocated to the Virtual Machine.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String) Set of IP addresses allocated to the Virtual Machine.
- `name` (String) The name of the Virtual Machine.
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes List) Network interface details for the Virtual Machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces))
- `network_speed_profile` (String) Permalink of the Network Speed Profile applied to all network interfaces.
- `package` (String) Permalink or ID of the Virtual Machine Package.
- `state` (String) The current state of the Virtual Machine.
- `tags` (Set of String) Set of tag names assigned to the Virtual Machine.
- `virtual_network_ids` (Set of String) Set of Virtual Network IDs attached to the Virtual Machine.

<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the network interface.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String) The IP addresses allocated to the interface.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the interface.
- `network_id` (String) The ID of the network the interface is on.
- `virtual_network_id` (String) The ID of the virtual network the interface is on.
