---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Katapult Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: Terraform provider for Katapult (https://katapult.io/)
---

# Katapult Provider

Terraform provider for [Katapult](https://katapult.io/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    katapult = {
      source  = "krystal/katapult"
      version = "~> 0.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "katapult" {
  api_key      = var.api_key
  organization = var.organization
  data_center  = var.data_center
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) **REQUIRED** via config or environment variable. API Key for Katapult Core API. Can be specified with the `KATAPULT_API_KEY` environment variable.
- `data_center` (String) **REQUIRED** via config or environment variable. Data center permalink. Can be specified with the `KATAPULT_DATA_CENTER` environment variable.
- `log_level` (String) Log level used by Katapult Terraform provider. Can be specified with the `KATAPULT_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable. Defaults to `info`.
- `organization` (String) **REQUIRED** via config or environment variable. Organization sub-domain. Can be specified with the `KATAPULT_ORGANIZATION` environment variable.
- `skip_trash_object_purge` (Boolean) Skip purging deleted resources from Katapult's trash when they are destroyed by Terraform. Only relevant to some resources which are moved to the trash when they are deleted. Can be specified with the
`KATAPULT_SKIP_TRASH_OBJECT_PURGE` environment variable. Defaults to `false`.

  ~> **Note:** Using `skip_trash_object_purge` can quickly lead to a build up of a lot objects in the trash if you are replacing resources repeatedly. Hence this option is disabled by default, and should only be used if you are sure you want to keep deleted resources in the trash.
