---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "katapult_virtual_machine Resource - terraform-provider-katapult"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Virtual Machine in Katapult.
  ~> Warning: Deleting a virtual machine resource will by default purge the VM from Katapult's trash, permanently deleting it. Set skip_trash_object_purge on the provider to keep it in the trash instead.
---

# katapult_virtual_machine (Resource)

Manages a Virtual Machine in Katapult.

~> **Warning:** Deleting a virtual machine resource will by default purge the VM from Katapult's trash, permanently deleting it. Set `skip_trash_object_purge` on the provider to keep it in the trash instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Minimal
resource "katapult_ip" "web-1" {}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine" "web-1" {
  package       = "rock-3"
  disk_template = "templates/ubuntu-20-04"
  disk_template_options = {
    install_agent = true # required by some disk templates
  }
  ip_address_ids = [katapult_ip.web-1.id]
}

# Extensive
resource "katapult_ip" "web-2" {}
resource "katapult_ip" "web-2-internal" {}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine_group" "web" {
  name = "web-servers"
}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine" "base" {
  name        = "Web 2"
  hostname    = "web-2"
  description = "A web server."

  group_id = katapult_virtual_machine_group.web.id
  tags     = ["web", "public"]

  package       = "rock-3"
  disk_template = "templates/ubuntu-20-04"
  disk_template_options = {
    install_agent = true
  }

  # First defined disk becomes the boot disk that the OS is installed on.
  disk {
    name = "System Disk" # Optional
    size = 20            # GB
  }

  disk {
    name = "Data" # Optional
    size = 100    # GB
  }

  ip_address_ids = [
    katapult_ip.web-2.id,
    katapult_ip.web-2-internal.id
  ]

  # Use katapult_network_speed_profiles data source to get list of available
  # profiles.
  network_speed_profile = "1gbps"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_address_ids` (Set of String) Set of IP address IDs to allocate to the Virtual Machine.
- `package` (String) Permalink or ID of the Virtual Machine Package to use.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for the Virtual Machine.
- `disk` (Block List) One or more disks with custom sizes to create and attach during creation. The first disk is the boot disk. If omitted, a single disk is created from the chosen package. On import, only the boot disk is populated; any additional creation-time disks must be re-declared in config to avoid replacement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disk))
- `disk_ids` (Set of String) Set of additional disk IDs to attach to the Virtual Machine. Managed as `katapult_disk` resources. Destroying the VM detaches these disks but does **not** delete them. Use the `katapult_virtual_machine_disks` data source to read the full list of disks currently attached to a VM.
- `disk_template` (String) Permalink or ID of the Disk Template to use. Required when creating a new VM. Cannot be read back from the API on import; supply the original value in config to avoid replacement.
- `disk_template_options` (Map of String) Options to pass to the Disk Template during creation. Cannot be read back from the API on import; supply the original value in config to avoid replacement.
- `group_id` (String) The ID of the Virtual Machine Group to assign this Virtual Machine to.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the Virtual Machine. If not provided, a hostname is generated.
- `name` (String) The name of the Virtual Machine. If not provided, a name is generated automatically.
- `network_speed_profile` (String) Permalink of the Network Speed Profile to apply to all network interfaces.
- `tags` (Set of String) Set of tag names to assign to the Virtual Machine.
- `virtual_network_ids` (Set of String) Set of Virtual Network IDs to attach to the Virtual Machine.

### Read-Only

- `fqdn` (String) The fully-qualified domain name of the Virtual Machine.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Virtual Machine.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String) Set of IP addresses allocated to the Virtual Machine.
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes List) Network interface details for the Virtual Machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces))
- `state` (String) The current state of the Virtual Machine.

<a id="nestedblock--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size of the disk in GB.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the disk. Defaults to "System Disk" for the first disk.


<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the network interface.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String) The IP addresses allocated to the interface.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the interface.
- `network_id` (String) The ID of the network the interface is on.
- `virtual_network_id` (String) The ID of the virtual network the interface is on.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import katapult_virtual_machine.web vm_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```
