docs/resources/virtual_machine.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "katapult_virtual_machine Resource - terraform-provider-katapult"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# katapult_virtual_machine (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Minimal
resource "katapult_ip" "web-1" {}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine" "web-1" {
  package       = "rock-3"
  disk_template = "templates/ubuntu-20-04"
  disk_template_options = {
    install_agent = true # required by some disk templates
  }
  ip_address_ids = [katapult_ip.web-1.id]
}

# Extensive
resource "katapult_ip" "web-2" {}
resource "katapult_ip" "web-2-internal" {}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine_group" "web" {
  name = "web-servers"
}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine" "base" {
  name        = "Web 2"
  hostname    = "web-2"
  description = "A web server."

  group_id = katapult_virtual_machine_group.web.id
  tags     = ["web", "public"]

  package       = "rock-3"
  disk_template = "templates/ubuntu-20-04"
  disk_template_options = {
    install_agent = true
  }

  # First defined disk becomes the boot disk that the OS is installed on.
  disk {
    name = "System Disk" # Optional
    size = 20            # GB
  }

  disk {
    name = "Data" # Optional
    size = 100    # GB
  }

  ip_address_ids = [
    katapult_ip.web-2.id,
    katapult_ip.web-2-internal.id
  ]

  # Use katapult_network_speed_profiles data source to get list of available
  # profiles.
  network_speed_profile = "1gbps"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `disk_template` (String) Permalink or ID of a Disk Template.
- `ip_address_ids` (Set of String) One or more IP IDs.
- `package` (String) Permalink or ID of a Virtual Machine Package.

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `disk` (Block List) Specify one or more disks with custom sizes to create and attach to the Virtual Machine during creation. First defined disk will be used as the boot disk. If no disks are defined, a single disk will be created based on the chosen package. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disk))
- `disk_template_options` (Map of String)
- `group_id` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `network_speed_profile` (String) Permalink of a Network Speed Profile.
- `tags` (Set of String)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `fqdn` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String)
- `state` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size of the disk in GB.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the disk.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)

Commit message:

feat(destroy): add skip_trash_object_purge provider option
Some resources in Katapult are "trashable", meaning when they are
deleted, they are instead soft-deleted and moved to the "Trash".

Terraform handles trashable resources by performing the regular delete
that moves them to trash, followed by purging the resource from the
trash. Effectively permanently deleting the resource.

Permanent deletion may not always be the desired behavior however, hence
this new `skip_trash_object_purge` option. When enabled, trashable
resources will be soft-deleted moving them to the trash, and then left
alone to be automatically purged from the trash by Katapult after 48
hours.

Resources which have any unique values, will have their unique values
suffixed with a random or object-unique value to avoid conflicts when
replacing resources with Terraform. Without this, a new replacement VM
with the same hostname for example, could not be created while the old
VM with the same hostname was still in the trash.

docs/resources/virtual_machine.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "katapult_virtual_machine Resource - terraform-provider-katapult"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Virtual Machine resource allows you to create and manage Virtual Machines in Katapult.
  ~> Warning: Deleting a virtual machine resource with Terraform will by default purge the VM from Katapult's trash, permanently deleting it. If you wish to instead keep a deleted VM in the trash, set theskip_trash_object_purge provider option to true. By default, objects in the trash are permanently deleted after 48 hours.
---

# katapult_virtual_machine (Resource)

The Virtual Machine resource allows you to create and manage Virtual Machines in Katapult.

~> **Warning:** Deleting a virtual machine resource with Terraform will by default purge the VM from Katapult's trash, permanently deleting it. If you wish to instead keep a deleted VM in the trash, set the`skip_trash_object_purge` provider option to `true`. By default, objects in the trash are permanently deleted after 48 hours.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Minimal
resource "katapult_ip" "web-1" {}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine" "web-1" {
  package       = "rock-3"
  disk_template = "templates/ubuntu-20-04"
  disk_template_options = {
    install_agent = true # required by some disk templates
  }
  ip_address_ids = [katapult_ip.web-1.id]
}

# Extensive
resource "katapult_ip" "web-2" {}
resource "katapult_ip" "web-2-internal" {}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine_group" "web" {
  name = "web-servers"
}

resource "katapult_virtual_machine" "base" {
  name        = "Web 2"
  hostname    = "web-2"
  description = "A web server."

  group_id = katapult_virtual_machine_group.web.id
  tags     = ["web", "public"]

  package       = "rock-3"
  disk_template = "templates/ubuntu-20-04"
  disk_template_options = {
    install_agent = true
  }

  # First defined disk becomes the boot disk that the OS is installed on.
  disk {
    name = "System Disk" # Optional
    size = 20            # GB
  }

  disk {
    name = "Data" # Optional
    size = 100    # GB
  }

  ip_address_ids = [
    katapult_ip.web-2.id,
    katapult_ip.web-2-internal.id
  ]

  # Use katapult_network_speed_profiles data source to get list of available
  # profiles.
  network_speed_profile = "1gbps"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `disk_template` (String) Permalink or ID of a Disk Template.
- `ip_address_ids` (Set of String) One or more IP IDs.
- `package` (String) Permalink or ID of a Virtual Machine Package.

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `disk` (Block List) Specify one or more disks with custom sizes to create and attach to the Virtual Machine during creation. First defined disk will be used as the boot disk. If no disks are defined, a single disk will be created based on the chosen package. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disk))
- `disk_template_options` (Map of String)
- `group_id` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `network_speed_profile` (String) Permalink of a Network Speed Profile.
- `tags` (Set of String)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `fqdn` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip_addresses` (Set of String)
- `state` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size of the disk in GB.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the disk.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)
